Brand ID,Concise,Verbose
2.0,Visit www.amazon.com/redeem and enter the Claim Code when prompted.,Amazon.com Gift Cards never expire and can be redeemed towards millions of items at www.amazon.com To redeem your gift card, follow these steps: . Visit www.amazon.com/redeem . Enter the Claim Code when prompted. . Gift card funds will be applied automatically to eligible orders during the checkout process. . You must pay for any remaining balance on your order with another payment method. Your gift card claim code may also be entered when prompted during checkout. To redeem your gift card using the Amazon.com service, first add the gift card funds to Your Account. If you have questions about redeeming your gift card, please visit www.amazon.com/gc-redeem
4.0,Go to apple.com/redeem to add to your Apple Account balance.,Beware of gift card scams. Do not share your code. For assistance, visit support.apple.com/gift ardor call 1-800-275-2273. Not redeemable at Apple resellers or for cash, and no resale, refunds, or exchanges, except as required by law. Apple is not responsible for unauthorized use. Terms apply
25.0,To redeem, enter code in the Play Store app or https://play.google.com/store,Use this gift card code on Google Play. Any other request for the code may bea scam. To redeem, enter code in the Play Store app or https://play.google.com/store See play.google.com/us-card-terms for full terms. Usable for purchases of eligible items on Google Play only. Not usable for hardware and certain subscriptions. Other limits may apply. No fees or expiration dates.Except as required by law, card is not redeemable for cash or other cards not reloadable or refundable cannot be combined with other non-Google Play balances in your Google Payments account, resold, exchanged or transferred for value.
33.0,Launch the League of Legends client. Click on Store -> Purchase RP -> Prepaid Cards & Riot Pin and enter your code.,Launch the League of Legends client or go to signup.na.leagueoflegends.com to create an account. . Click on the Store button. . Click on the Purchase RP button. . Select Prepaid Cards & Riot Pin and enter your code. . Click Submit. We may (and probably will) create updated versions of theseTerms in the future as the Riot Services and applicable laws evolve. When we do, well inform you of the new agreement which will supersede and replace these Terms. Youll be given an opportunity to review any new agreement we present to you and decide whether you wish to agree to the revised terms. If you accept the new agreement, youll be able to continue using the Riot Services. If you decline the new agreement, you wont be able to use the Riot Services anymore.
41.0,To start watching, Go to http://www.netflix.com/code and enter the code,To start watching, Go to http://www.netflix.com/code, Enter the code Valid only towards the Netflix streaming service via Netflix Account (18+ to be a member), in countries where the service is offered in US dollars. Entire value credited to your Netflix account upon redemption. Nonrefundable or redeemable for cash, except where required by law. Does not expire. No resale.
53.0,For redemption instructions, visit https://www.playstation.com/en-us/explore/playstationnetwork/redemption, This card may be redeemed through PlayStation Store on a PS4, PS3, and PS Vita system, or a personal computer. . Open a Sony Entertainment Network account or use an existing account. . From your PS4, PS3, or PS Vita system, or a personal computer, access PlayStation Store. . Click the Redeem Codes icon. . Enter the code at the bottom of this card. Please note that the code is case sensitive and must be entered exactly as displayed. . For additional redemption instructions, please visit https://www.playstation.com/en-us/explore/playstationnetwork/redemption Your use of this PlayStation Plus code constitutes your acceptance of these terms and any additional terms available at http://us.playstation.com/redemption. PSN SM and PlayStation Plus offerings may change without notice.
71.0,To redeem: go to https://www.spotify.com/redeem,To redeem: . Go to https://www.spotify.com/redeem . Log in or create your Spotify account . Enter the PIN Full Terms and Conditions governing Spotify gift PINs are found at https://www.spotify.com/gift-card
72.0,LOGIN TO YOUR STEAM ACCOUNT, CLICK ON YOUR ACCOUNT NAME -> ACCOUNT DETAILS -> ADD FUNDS TO YOUR STEAM WALLET -> REDEEM A STEAM WALLET CODE,LOGIN TO YOUR STEAM ACCOUNT . CLICK ON YOUR ACCOUNT NAME, THEN CLICK ACCOUNT DETAILS . CLICK ON ADD FUNDS TO YOUR STEAM WALLET . CLICK REDEEM A STEAM WALLET CODE . ENTER YOUR STEAM WALLET GIFT CARD
82.0,Visit http://www.target.com on your computer or mobile device. Sign into your account and add this gift card.,To redeem your Target eGift Card at Target.com: Enter your Target eGift Card number and access number when checking out. Your eGift Card will be automatically applied. To save to your Target.com account: Visit http://www.target.com on your computer or mobile device. Sign into your account and add this gift card. Pay in store when you are signed into Target.com on your mobile device. To redeem your Target e-Gift Card in a Target store in the U.S.: Show the barcode on your web-enabled mobile phone to the cashier when checking out. The Target Team Member will scan the barcode and enter the Access Number. (Please note that data rates may apply). Print this eGift Card. At checkout, the cashier will scan the barcode and enter the Access Number.
87.0,Go to the Payment section in the Uber app, add Payment Method, select Gift Card and Enter Gift Code.,Go to the Payment section in the Uber app Tap Add Payment Method and select Gift Card Enter Gift Code. For full terms and conditions and customer service, visit https://www.uber.com/legal/gift-cards/en-us/
93.0,Redeem at https://www.microsoft.com/redeem,Redeem at https://www.microsoft.com/redeem To play on PC: after redeeming, follow instructions at https://www.xbox.com/pcgamesplan. Game titles and number vary overtime and by country. If your membership terminates or a game is removed, you must reactivate your membership or buy the game to continue using any add-ons or items purchased for a game. ISP fees and age restrictions apply. Except as required by law, codes are nonrefundable.
157.0,To redeem, visit https://www.airbnb.com/gift,To redeem, visit https://www.airbnb.com/gift
281.0,To redeem code go to https://www.sephora.com/beauty/giftcards,To redeem code go to https://www.sephora.com/beauty/giftcards
320.0,To redeem, visit https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card,To redeem, visit https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card or Download the Binance App from https://binance.com/en/download. Create an account, then tap the 'Profile Icon' on top left corner, tap Gift Card: tap Receive, tap Redeem Crypto, enter Gift Card code (16-digit alphanumeric sequence. For more questions, please see Gift Cards FAQ
377.0,This card is redeemable online anywhere Visa debit is accepted,At the payment site, select a Virtual Visa Card, ready for immediate use online or over the phone anywhere Visa debit is accepted. The redemption site will ask you to provide your name, address, email and mobile phone number to be associated with your Prepaid Card. Agree to the Cardholder Agreement to complete the redemption. NOTE: You must select your card within 4 months from the date this email was sent. Your right to the payment expires after that time. Once redeemed, you will have 6 months to use your Visa Prepaid Card wherever Visa debit is accepted. The redemption website provides balance information and transaction history to help you keep track of all your rewards. Please note that some merchants may choose not to accept out of country currency at their own discretion. If this occurs, pay for your purchase by another payment method and use your Visa Prepaid Card at a different merchant.
378.0,This card is redeemable online anywhere Mastercard debit is accepted,At the payment site, select a Virtual Prepaid Mastercard, ready for immediate use online or over the phone anywhere Mastercard is accepted. The redemption site will ask you to provide your name, address, email and mobile phone number to be associated with your Prepaid Mastercard. Agree to the Cardholder Agreement to complete the redemption. NOTE: You must select your card within 4 months from the date this email was sent. Your right to the payment expires after that time. Once redeemed, you will have 12 months to use your Prepaid Mastercard wherever Mastercard is accepted. The redemption website provides balance information and transaction history to help you keep track of all your rewards. Please note that some merchants may choose not to accept out of country currency at their own discretion. If this occurs, pay for your purchase by another payment method and use your Prepaid Mastercard at a different merchant. Visit MyPrepaidCenter.com/redeem and enter the code.
393.0,Log in to your account at: https://redcoinvoucher.com/ and enter your gift card PIN code to create an order,Red Coin provides the easiest and safest way to buy cryptocurrencies.Red coin gift cards are a popular way to introduce people to the world of cryptocurrencies or provide them with a convenient way to acquire and use digital assets. These gift cards work similarly to traditional gift cards, but instead of being loaded with a specific currency amount, they contain a specific value that can be converted to particular cryptocurrency.Crypto currency gift cards offer a simple and user-friendly way for individuals to acquire and engage with cryptocurrencies, even if they have no prior experience with digital assets.
Please see the steps below to learn how to redeem and purchase your crypto voucher code:Log in to your account at:https://redcoinvoucher.com/. Enter your gift card PIN code to create an order.Make sure to review the value amount of the cryptocurrencyEnter your wallet address to finish up the purchase*Please note that the cryptocurrency exchange rate will apply when redeeming a voucher code*","type":"redeem","title":"Terms and Condtions","description":"Validity and Expiry: The gift card validity is 1 year.Value and Conversion: The value of the gift card is in a specific fiat currency (e.g., USD). This amount can be exchanged to provided crypto currencies (USDT, BTC, ETH, DOGE, SHIB, etc.) at exchange rate provided by Red coin.Limitations and Restrictions: There is daily redemption limit of 1000 USD per account.Transferability and Refunds: Gift cards cannot be transferred, exchanged or refunded under any circumstances after getting generated.for more terms and condition, please visit Redcoinvouchers.com
432.0,Click the redemption link above to claim your reward.,Click the redemption link above to claim your reward. Select a Virtual Visa Card, ready for immediate use online or over the phone anywhere Visa debit is accepted, or select a Physical Visa Card to be mailed to you (shipping and handling fee of $3.00 applies). The redemption site will ask you to provide your name, address, email and mobile phone number to be associated with your Prepaid Card.Agree to the Cardholder Agreement to complete the redemption.  NOTE: You must select your card within 4 months from the date this email was sent. Your right to the payment expires after that time. Once redeemed, you'll have 7 months to use your Visa Prepaid Card wherever Visa debit is accepted.  The redemption website provides balance information and transaction history to help you keep track of all your rewards. Please note that some merchants may choose not to accept out of country currency at their own discretion. If this occurs, pay for your purchase by another payment method and use your Visa Prepaid Card at a different merchant.

